adding annotation for kube-aggregator automanaged in labels-md (#38161)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This label has been deprecated. Please use `kubernetes.io/os` instead.

### kube-aggregator.kubernetes.io/automanaged {kube-aggregator-kubernetesio-automanaged}

Example: `kube-aggregator.kubernetes.io/automanaged: "onstart"`

Used on: APIService

> This label is attached to the APIService to identify how the APIService wants to be synced. 

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence explaining what `kube-apiserver` does with automanaged APIService objects:

> Automanaged APIService objects are deleted by `kube-apiserver` when it has no built-in or custom resource API corresponding to the API group/version of the APIService.

If the label is set to  `onstart`, it indicates that the APIService wants to be synced one time i.e. when the controller starts.

> To indicate that the APIService wants to be synced continuously the label is set to `true`.

Reviewer: These *really* aren't intended for users to set/modify, so I'm not sure how much we want to document here, but if we do document this, we should avoid anthropomorphizing the controller... it doesn't like it ;-)

Either drop this bit or maybe rephrase like:

> Possible values are:
> * `onstart` indicates the APIService should be reconciled once at start
> * `true` indicates the APIService should be reconciled continuously

Author: Got it @liggitt , thanks for the suggestions.

This label has been deprecated. Please use `kubernetes.io/os` instead.

### kube-aggregator.kubernetes.io/automanaged {kube-aggregator-kubernetesio-automanaged}

> Example: `kube-aggregator.kubernetes.io/automanaged: "manageContinuously"`

Author: Noted.

Used on: APIService

It is a label attached to the APIService that identifies how the APIService wants to be synced. `manageOnStart` is a value for the AutoRegisterManaged label that indicates the APIService wants to be synced one time when the controller starts.

`manageOnStart = "onstart"`

`manageContinuously` is a value for the AutoRegisterManaged label that indicates the APIService wants to be synced continuously.

> `manageContinuously = "true"`

Reviewer 2: This looks like a direct quote from the code. I'd prefer to rephrase it so it makes sense to someone who doesn't understand even a symbol of Go.

This label has been deprecated. Please use `kubernetes.io/os` instead.

> ### kube-aggregator.kubernetes.io/automanaged {kube-aggregator-kubernetesio-automanaged}

Author: right. i might have missed this one . thanks @sftim

Example: `kube-aggregator.kubernetes.io/automanaged: "onstart"`

Used on: APIService

> This label is attached to the APIService objects created by `kube-apiserver` to identify how they should be managed by `kube-apiserver`. This label should not be added to other APIService objects or modified on managed APIService objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The kube-apiserver sets this label on any APIService objects that the API server has created
automatically. The label marks how the control plane should manage that APIService.
You should not add, modify, or remove this label yourself.
```

Author: noted

{{< note >}}
Automanaged APIService objects are deleted by kube-apiserver when it has no built-in or custom resource API corresponding to the API group/version of the APIService.
{{< /note >}}

> It has two possible values:

Reviewer 2: (nit)
```suggestion
There are two possible values:
```

> * `onstart` indicates the APIService should be reconciled once at start.
> * `true` indicates the APIService should be reconciled continuously.

Reviewer 2: I'd use a definition list; for example:
```suggestion

`onstart`
: the APIService should be reconciled when an API server starts up, but not otherwise.

`true`
: the API server should reconcile this APIService continuously.
```
